Update README.md (#12)
getyourguide/DDataFlow: README.md

You completed the short demo!

## How to develop

The recommended approach to use ddataflow is to use the offline mode, which allows you to test your pipelines without the need for an active cluster. This is especially important for development and debugging purposes, as it allows you to quickly test and identify any issues with your pipelines.

> Alternatively, you can use Databricks Connect to test your pipelines on an active cluster. However, our experience with this approach has not been great, memory issues is common and there is the risk of overriding prod. data, so we recommend using the offline mode instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use Databricks Connect to test your pipelines on an active cluster. However, our experience with this approach has not been great, memory issues rare common and there is the risk of overriding production data, so we recommend using the offline mode instead.
```
